chore: add template readme (#36)
open-feature/.github: templates/READMEs/README.md

> <!-- TODO: This is an template SDK README.md. It might also be useful for other repository types. Update the TODOs with correct examples/documentation. Replace all instances of "your-repo" with the appropriate name -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- TODO: This is a template SDK README.md. It might also be useful for other repository types. Update the TODOs with correct examples/documentation. Replace all instances of "your-repo" with the appropriate name -->
```

## 🔍 Requirements:

<!-- TODO: required runtime, etc -->

## 📦 Installation:

<!-- TODO: installation instructions -->

## 🌟 Features:

- support for various backend [providers](https://docs.openfeature.dev/docs/reference/concepts/provider)
- easy integration and extension via [hooks](https://docs.openfeature.dev/docs/reference/concepts/hooks)
- bool, string, numeric and object flag types
- [context-aware](https://docs.openfeature.dev/docs/reference/concepts/evaluation-context) evaluation

## 🚀 Usage:

### Basics:

<!-- TODO: code examples featuring setting a provider, getting a client, and doing an evaluation -->

### Context-aware evaluation:

Sometimes the value of a flag must take into account some dynamic criteria about the application or user, such as the user location, IP, email address, or the location of the server.
In OpenFeature, we refer to this as [`targeting`](https://docs.openfeature.dev/specification/glossary#targeting).
If the flag system you're using supports targeting, you can provide the input data using the `EvaluationContext`.

<!-- TODO: code examples using context and different levels -->

### Providers:

> To develop a provider, you need to create a new project and include the OpenFeature SDK as a dependency. This can be a new repository or included in an existing contrib repository available under the OpenFeature organization. Finally, you’ll then need to write the provider itself. In most languages, this can be accomplished by implementing the provider interface exported by the OpenFeature SDK.

Author: ```suggestion
To develop a provider, you need to create a new project and include the OpenFeature SDK as a dependency. This can be a new repository or included in [the existing contrib repository](https://github.com/open-feature/java-sdk-contrib) available under the OpenFeature organization. Finally, you’ll then need to write the provider itself. This can be accomplished by implementing the `Provider` interface exported by the OpenFeature SDK.
```

<!-- TODO: code example of a hook -->

<!-- TODO: update with the technology in question -->
See [here](https://docs.openfeature.dev/docs/reference/technologies/server/javascript) for a catalog of available hooks.

### Logging:

<!-- TODO: talk about logging config -->

## ⭐️ Support the project

- Give this repo a ⭐️!
- Follow us social media:
  - Twitter: [@openfeature](https://twitter.com/openfeature)
  - LinkedIn: [OpenFeature](https://www.linkedin.com/company/openfeature/)
- Join us on [Slack](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C0344AANLA1)
- For more check out our [community page](https://docs.openfeature.dev/community/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Interested in contributing? Great, we'd love your help! To get started, take a look at the [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) guide.

### Thanks to everyone that has already contributed

<!-- TODO: update with correct repo -->
<a href="https://github.com/open-feature/your-repo/graphs/contributors">

>   <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=open-feature/your-repo" />

Author: ```suggestion
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=open-feature/your-repo" alt="Pictures of the folks who have contributed to the project" />
```
